Todo
reconcile sims and mean-field diagram
reconcile location of fixed point
look over email and make more changes
make some simplex type graphics
see if more sims would be useful
Abstract line 3: select out -> out compete





What is the stochastic update rule in the voter model? Tell the reader.

Page 7: in spatiall games the arrangement and proportion of different cell types is generally unimportant? Are you thinking it is a Markov chain that converges to equilibrium from any initial state?

Page 8 line -4: For a two strategy subgame … In general is confusing. This is only true since we made the diagonal 0.

Page 10 line 8: display formula so it doesn’t mess up line spacing.

Page 11, Figure 3: Is this d=3. How do the regions compare to the replicator equation? What the x’s and 0’s

Page 12: how does the limit of the spatial model compare to the fixed point of the replicator equation.

Page 13, multiple myeloma, line 2 spaces missing arund (OB)

Display formula for B.

The projective transformation moves the fixed point but in this case does not move it to the barycenter. See th formula in Dingli’s paper.

Page 14. Figure 5. I think words might be better than the pictures here.

Figure 6. This is densities versus time in the simulation, right.

Page 15, Figure 7. The colors completely disappear here. Do we really have coexistence? The interior fixed point is unstable so I would expect only 12 and 13.
Page 16: why the funny indenting?

Page 18:  omit future work.

First paragraph; “The IPS retains many of the important dynamical features of the mean-field approx.”
This is backwards. The spatial model is the more accurate description.

The second paragraph is a little overstated. You didn’t really look at clinical applications. Ypou are just parroting what you read.

For me the real open problem is can three strategies coexist in a two dimensions

Proofread
look at location of fixed point in simulation
print out the draft that was sent to durrett
commit to git
Fix explanation of projective transformation
Make a new Dingli graph without 123
Put in new graphs
replace basanta result with nicer graph after sims run
